log.md, before:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 1: December 07, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Started with FreeCodeCamp tribute project

**Thoughts:** I'd completed the FCC tribute project, but I was not anything on FCC since more then a month, so I wanted to start my 100 Day code journy with it. On second thought I wanted to make all of it again from scratch without using bootstrap and the skills I've till now. It was a simple project and more of it was copy paste. Did more in CSS.

**Link to work:**   
[Previously with Bootstrap](https://codepen.io/vpnydv10year/full/qXGQXo)  
[New version](https://codepen.io/vpnydv10year/full/NwVZEm)

------------------------------

### Day 2: December 08, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Working on FreeCodeCamp portfolio project

**Thoughts:** Like previous day, I started it earlier but somehow wasn't able to complete. It's not complete yet as I am not satisfied with it. Need to include CSS animations and interactive menu, also I think I should change the design. Anyway I'll work on it during rest of days.

**Link to work:**   
[My Portfolio](https://codepen.io/vpnydv10year/full/mMYagO)  

------------------------------

Commit message:

Revised JavaScript at FreeCodeCamp and MDN

log.md, after:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 1: December 07, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Started with FreeCodeCamp tribute project

**Thoughts:** I'd completed the FCC tribute project, but I was not anything on FCC since more then a month, so I wanted to start my 100 Day code journy with it. On second thought I wanted to make all of it again from scratch without using bootstrap and the skills I've till now. It was a simple project and more of it was copy paste. Did more in CSS.

**Link to work:**   
[Previously with Bootstrap](https://codepen.io/vpnydv10year/full/qXGQXo)  
[New version](https://codepen.io/vpnydv10year/full/NwVZEm)  

------------------------------

### Day 2: December 08, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Working on FreeCodeCamp portfolio project

**Thoughts:** Like previous day, I started it earlier but somehow wasn't able to complete. It's not complete yet as I am not satisfied with it. Need to include CSS animations and interactive menu, also I think I should change the design. Anyway I'll work on it during rest of days.

**Link to work:**   
[My Portfolio](https://codepen.io/vpnydv10year/full/mMYagO)  

------------------------------

### Day 3: December 09, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Revised JavaScript at FreeCodeCamp and MDN

**Thoughts:** I was thinking about starting a react project but for that I needed a revision of JavaScript, and [first tutorial on react](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html) also suggest to do so. I headed to FreeCodeCamp and quickly revised JS using their interactive challenge based tutorial. I don't think I am having complete command on JS yet, so I'll go back to FCC tommorow and head into their coding challenges.

**Link to work** Not worked on any project today, but I can give the link for JS revision  
[FCC Basic JS](https://www.freecodecamp.org/map-aside#nested-collapseBasicJavaScript)  
[Object-Oriented and Functional Programming](https://www.freecodecamp.org/map-aside#nested-collapseObjectOrientedandFunctionalProgramming)  
[MDN JS Tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript)  

------------------------------
